refactor: rebrand hydration components as <Island> (#447)
Jahia/javascript-modules: docs/2-guides/2-island-architecture/README.md

```tsx
import { Island } from "@jahia/javascript-modules-library";
```

As with all imports from `@jahia/javascript-modules-library`, the `<Island />` component **can only be used on the server.**

Server files, files in `.server.tsx`, are used as entry points for your server code. They contain views and templates to be registered by Jahia.

Client files, files in `.client.tsx`, are used as entry points for your client code. All client files, as well as all their imports, will be made available for the browser to download. They should not contain any sensitive information, and cannot import server APIs (`@jahia/javascript-modules-library` and `.server.tsx` files).

In client files, **only the default export** can be used to create an island. For instance, here is a minimal interactive button:

```tsx
// Button.client.tsx
export default function Button() {
  return (
    <button
      // Attach an event listener to the button
      onClick={() => {
        alert("Button clicked!");
      }}
    >
      Click me!
    </button>
  );
}
```

> If you use this button directly in a server file, it will not work as you expect:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use this button directly in a server file, it will not work as you might have expected:
```

        <p>I'm rendered on the server!</p>
      </Island>
    </article>
  ),
);
```

A few things to note:

- The `{children}` insertion point must always be there. If you want to hide the children of your component, use CSS instead of a JS condition. Otherwise, they will not be sent to the client and your component will appear to have no children.
- Children will be wrapped in a `jsm-children` element. This should not affect your code most of the time, but don't use the `>` CSS selector to target children of your component.

In `clientOnly` mode, the children of an island will not be used as children of your island component. Instead, they will be rendered on the server and used as a placeholder until the client component is loaded.

```tsx
// default.server.tsx
import { Island, jahiaComponent } from "@jahia/javascript-modules-library";
import Map from "./Map.client.tsx";

jahiaComponent(
  {
    componentType: "view",
    nodeType: "hydrogen:example",
  },
  () => (
    <article>
      <Island component={Map}>
        {/* Placeholder until <Map /> has loaded */}
        <p>The map is loading...</p>
      </Island>
    </article>
  ),
);
```

> This is a good UX practice to tell show users that your site is currently loading instead of leaving an empty space. It can also prevent [layout shifts](https://web.dev/articles/cls) when the component finally loads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a good UX practice to tell users that your site is currently loading instead of leaving an empty space. It can also prevent [layout shifts](https://web.dev/articles/cls) when the component finally loads.
```
